Hundreds of guys and lock them back in now in the studio Vivah will be working up what customizations.
So this is the best part.
OK so some of the teams gave you the ability to customize your website you can see that here it's Saiz
customize.
OK.
I would have wanted to show you about the team first but I wanted to tell you about the customized right
now because.
So you should just understand this and then we're going to be moving on with the team because team is
so interesting part.
And the customizes not it is a bet but the team is more so let's just go ahead and let's quickly just
work but customize So if you just click here you can see a new window comes here and here I can customize
my website completely so you can see taste and Sillerman and guarantees.
Just another WordPress website.
Here it is the menu here.
Everything.
And here it is.
So where is this pencil appears.
I can customize that like I can customize this image.
I can customize this title.
I can customize this this and this.
So let's quickly just go ahead and overview all of them.
Let's go to site identity.
So here I can add a logo here like if I want to add the logo.
So let's suppose that I want to add a logo.
I want to go to upload files.
I'm going to go to select files and then I am going to go to this stop and then let's just use this
to be the logo.
I said this is the logo that I have.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to select it.
OK.
And then I have to just crop it down and tell us that this is my logo.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit Kropp.
So now it will appear here.
OK.
And then you can see that logo is appearing.
And then this as well as appearing.
So let's suppose that I want to remove these.
I'm going to go here and I'm going to uncheck this because I just want to show the logo.
So this is the logo that is coming.
And now it has changed the look of that.
But I just want to remove the logo and I want to display the signed title and the tag line is going
to be
a web developer.
OK so now you can see that I have this tag line so I can add any tag line right here.
But you can add it like a web developer or you can add it like the best online company.
OK.
So this is how it works.
So now here what I'm going to do right now I am just going to go ahead and I'm going to go back.
OK.
And then we have the color.
So in that color you can manage that color scheme.
OK.
Like you can manage it to be like dark if you want it to be dark and you can see that our Website is
now in the dark mode.
I can see how created this looking.
OK.
We have the custom colors so if you need the custom color you can choose it.
And that is coming here as Dillinger's color.
So but I think I just like the dark one or is light one.
Okay.
And then we have the header text color so you can pretty well manage the text color if you want to.
I'm going to make it the white complete white.
OK.
And then we have to go back.
We have the head of media.
So this is also important is this is like that.
This is the media that we have.
If you need any other image you can add it or you can also add the video here as well.
So let's suppose that I want to add a YouTube video.
If I just go to YouTube dotcom and then I want to add the video for web site background video background
loops.
OK.
This is the video.
So let's suppose that this is the video that I want to add.
I'm just going to come here and I'm going to copy the link.
OK.
And OK let's just go ahead let's just come here and let's copy OK.
And I want to come here and I want to pay Stillings.
That's all.
And here you can see that the video will be coming so you can see how this is looking.
This is how the video is coming and it's just looking pretty great.
So what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish and that's all the video is playing in the background
sound like this.
I can choose any other video like if I want to use and that will be coming as well.
So I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to remove this because I just want to show a normal picture here.
You can choose any other picture like if you want to you can add a new image and then you can select
it and then you can hit select and crop and then you can crop it the way you want but you don't have
to hit crop image and that will be coming as your image.
So let's see how does it look.
So now I can see how it is looking.
OK.
But I think you like this image mine.
I am little look so funny.
So I can see that we are totally done with this as well.
Let's just go ahead and let's go back and we have the menu right here.
So here you can manage the menu but we don't have to work with that since we already know about the
menu and we can do that in the dashboard.
And then we have the video so you guys already know about divergence.
That is why I don't have to tell you if I just go to blog and you can see these are the Vincit Schrade
here.
I can make any changes and it'll be in the live view.
Then we have the homepage settings so this is also right there.
And then we have the additional CSSA So if you know CSSA you can work with that but I would highly recommend
you if you did not know it.
And that's nothing you can do work with the CSSA you can design you have upside down the CSSA as well
so you don't have to worry about this.
Don't don't worry if you don't know this Jasus OK because this is useless.
OK.
This is people use it.
OK because sometimes it is so useful but not every time.
OK so I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to publish my web site and that's all I'm done.
And in the next video we will be working up the team.
I'm going to tell you where are the teams and how are they very used useful.
So in the next video will be working up.
Goodbye.